>> Will Sentance: Let's
briefly analyze this approach.
And we'll see this now
after pair programming,
it's sort of a newer
approach to this model.
Problems of the approach.
A lot of the time,
these background features, the function
that's then automatically called,
the background feature gets some data.
So for example, if the background
feature's speaking over the network,
to get some new data in, well then,
where's that data gonna show up?
That data shows up as the input,
automatically inserted into the running
of that printHello function.
That's pretty amazing.
But the problem with that is that
means that data is only available
inside the execution context
of that printHello function.
So if you've gone off to Twitter, grabbed
a bunch of data, the function that's gonna
run automatically own the completion of
this being to Twitter in the background,
the function's gonna run automatically.
It's gonna have its input
be that data from Twitter.
You could only use that
data inside that function,
because we don't get to run this function.
Therefore we can't have
it return anything out.
Because we can't assign
the return value of it anywhere.
So instead, that data's all
gonna be used inside of here.
That's pretty rough.
And that's what created something
known as callback hell,
where we are doing all of our work on that
data from Twitter, inside of one function.
As we do function, inside a function,
inside a function.
That's pretty rough, I see that.
But I'm gonna show you that,
in terms of what we're actually doing
later on in a newer version,
under the hood, it's not changing much.
But in terms of readability,
it makes it much better.
I don't even know if I
fully agree with this.
Maybe it feels a little odd to think of
parting a function into another function
only for it to run much later.
Look, we pass in printHello.
Only for it to run automatically,
much later.
But as long as you live in a language
where you're going to use background
features outside of the language,
you're kinda inevitably doing that, right?
You can't, there's no real way around it.
You're gonna rely on that background,
the web browser itself with JavaScript
to bring that function back in for
you and run it when it knows
the background work is done.
Benefits, I'll say of this style,
super explicit, super click.
Once you know how it's actually working,
it's fairly kind of simple, fairly.
[LAUGH] Well,
you wait till you see the next version.
At least here, it's fairly direct.
I take in a function,
I attach it to the background feature,
it gets put in the queue when
the background feature is done.
Even if it's a 0 millisecond feature,
it goes in the background.
Yeah, to be clear, Brayden, this is why
even though it's a 0 millisecond timer,
as long as it's being thrown
out the printHello function,
it's gotta queue up before
it's allowed back in.
The other, I think,
problem with this approach is that for
error handling, it's not as clean.
You wait til you see the promise approach.
Its error handling is super nice.
We will see that, people, though,
after some pair programming.
Gonna see a speed dial/async, you know
how to pan out, and get pair programming.